Add update kwarg to QuantumScript.copy (#6285)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* The `diagonalize_measurements` transform now uses a more efficient method of diagonalization
  when possible, based on the `pauli_rep` of the relevant observables.
  [(#6113)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6113/)

* An `update` method is added to `QuantumScript` to make it easier to create an updated version

>   of a tape where some of `tape.operations`, `tape.measurements`, `tape.shots` and 
>   `tape.trainable_params` are modified, while ensuring other attributes are unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of a tape where some of `tape.operations`, `tape.measurements`, `tape.shots`, and 
  `tape.trainable_params` are modified while ensuring other attributes are unchanged.
```

It is almost totally irrelevant (just what Grammarly suggests)

Author: 😅

> * An `update` method is added to `QuantumScript` to make it easier to create an updated version
>   of a tape where some of `tape.operations`, `tape.measurements`, `tape.shots`, and 
>   `tape.trainable_params` are modified while ensuring other attributes are unchanged.

Author: ```suggestion
* An `update` argument is added to `QuantumScript.copy` to make it easier to create 
  an updated version of a tape where some of `tape.operations`, `tape.measurements`, 
  `tape.shots`, and `tape.trainable_params` are modified while ensuring other attributes 
  are unchanged.
```

>   [(#6285)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6285)

Reviewer: This potentially needs to be updated after the change (unless I am missing something)

* The `diagonalize_measurements` transform now uses a more efficient method of diagonalization
  when possible, based on the `pauli_rep` of the relevant observables.
  [(#6113)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6113/)

> * An `update` argument is added to `QuantumScript.copy` to make it easier to create 

Reviewer 2: This might need to be updated.

Author: Thanks! 🙈
